salona late afternoon siesta time all
right we're here to talk about ipfs
cluster which turns out to be big enough
that it became a bit of a cluster so we
charted our group into two parts we're
gonna do the first half and our
colleagues are gonna come up with the
back half in a second we're going to
talk about the what and the why of ipfs
clusters so though what it's replicated
pin sets across nodes working in
coordination why well the one resiliency
if you're in the normal ipfs world
you've got a node and he's got a node
and maybe there's some things between
the two of you that are the same but
guess what there's some differences and
guess what this one burns down and
there's no more of that green data
anymore so you don't have any kind of
resiliency in the normal ipfs world
however in the ipfs cluster world this
data is the same as this day is the same
as this data and so this one burns down
the data still exists in the other two
clusters additionally you have an issue
with latency if you're looking at the
normal ipfs world and you're using it in
the true interplanetary sense of the
file system and you're on the moon and
you're trying to get data from earth
it's taking a long time and you turn
into a skeleton but if you have a
cluster that's here and here and here
and here and also replicated on the moon
you're happy you're smiling because
you're not really a moon man you're the
Borg and that's what ipfs cluster really
is it's ipfs Borg
[Applause]